(lp0
S'I am writing something.'
p1
aS'Yes, I plan to make it the most boring thing ever written.'
p2
aS'I go to the store.'
p3
aS'A car is parked.'
p4
aS'Many cars are parked or moving.'
p5
aS'Some are blue.'
p6
aS'Some are tan.'
p7
aS'They have windows.'
p8
aS'In the store, there are items for sale.'
p9
aS'These include such things as soap, detergent, magazines, and lettuce.'
p10
aS'You can enhance your life with these products.'
p11
aS'Soap can be used for bathing, be it in a bathtub or in a shower.'
p12
aS'Apply the soap to your body and rinse.'
p13
aS'Detergent is used to wash clothes.'
p14
aS'Place your dirty clothes into a washing machine and add some detergent as directed on the box.'
p15
aS'Select the appropriate settings on your washing machine and you should be ready to begin.'
p16
aS'Magazines are stapled reading material made with glossy paper, and they cover a wide variety of topics, ranging from news and politics to business and stock market information.'
p17
aS'Some magazines are concerned with more recreational topics, like sports card collecting or different kinds of hairstyles.'
p18
aS'Lettuce is a vegetable.'
p19
aS'It is usually green and leafy, and is the main ingredient of salads.'
p20
aS'You may have an appliance at home that can quickly shred lettuce for use in salads.'
p21
aS'Lettuce is also used as an optional item for hamburgers and deli sandwiches.'
p22
aS'Some people even eat lettuce by itself.'
p23
aS'I have not done this.'
p24
aS'So you can purchase many types of things at stores.'
p25
aS'If I drive around, I sometimes notice the houses and buildings all around.'
p26
aS'There are also pieces of farm land that are very large.'
p27
aS'Houses can be built from different kinds of materials.'
p28
aS'The most common types are brick, wood, and vinyl or synthetic siding.'
p29
aS'Houses have lawns that need to be tended.'
p30
aS'Lawns need to be mowed regularly.'
p31
aS'Most people use riding lawnmowers to do this.'
p32
aS'You can also use a push mower.'
p33
aS'These come in two varieties: gas-powered and manual.'
p34
aS'You don\xe2\x80\x99t see manual push-mowers very much anymore, but they are a good option if you do not want to pollute the air with smoke from a gas-powered lawnmower.'
p35
aS'I notice that many families designate the lawnmowing responsibility to a teenager in the household.'
p36
aS'Many of these teenagers are provided with an allowance for mowing the yard, as well as performing other chores, like taking out the trash, washing the dishes, making their bed, and keeping the house organized.'
p37
aS'Allowances are small amounts of money given by parents to their children, usually on a weekly basis.'
p38
aS'These usually range from 5 dollars to 15 dollars, sometimes even 20 dollars.'
p39
aS'Many parents feel that teenagers can learn financial responsibility with this system.'
p40
aS'Now I will talk about farm land.'
p41
aS'Farm land can be identified by some common features.'
p42
aS'They almost always consist of a very large patch of dirt with small green plants lined up in very long rows.'
p43
aS'You may sometimes see farm equipment riding over these rows, like tractors or combines.'
p44
aS'These machines help farmers grow more crops in less time.'
p45
aS'They are a very helpful invention.'
p46
aS'Some different types of crops are soybeans, cotton, corn, tomatoes, tobacco, and lettuce (which I mentioned earlier).'
p47
aS'Most crops are used as food, and can be defined as either fruits or vegetables.'
p48
aS'Some are commonly eaten raw, after being rinsed in water to remove any dirt.'
p49
aS'Some are often cooked, which helps give them a more pleasant taste and makes them easier to chew.'
p50
aS'A very versatile vegetable is the potato.'
p51
aS'It can be eaten raw, or it can be cooked in a variety of ways.'
p52
aS'They can be baked, and many people like to add butter to them.'
p53
aS'They can be mashed, and a lot of times brown gravy or milk gravy is poured on top of them.'
p54
aS'They can be cut into thin strips and fried.'
p55
aS'Typically a large amount of grease is required to prepare potatoes in this style, but they are easy to make and easy to eat.'
p56
aS'You can order them at several fast-food restaurants.'
p57
aS'Potatoes can also be boiled, stewed, and scalloped.'
p58
aS'There is a wide variety of options available to you when cooking potatoes.'
p59
aS'Some other types of crops grown on farm land are used for other purposes.'
p60
aS'Cotton is used to make clothing (which I also mentioned earlier).'
p61
aS'It is a very versatile and inexpensive material for clothes.'
p62
aS'Such items as shirts, pants, socks, and underwear can be made from cotton.'
p63
aS'The process of converting cotton from a cotton plant to clothing is fairly complicated.'
p64
aS'Today, cotton is harvested more efficiently through the use of the cotton gin, invented by Eli Whitney many years ago.'
p65
aS'Tobacco is another type of crop.'
p66
aS'It is used in making cigarettes.'
p67
aS'A lot of people smoke cigarettes, even though many medical sources have identified them as harmful to people\xe2\x80\x99s health.'
p68
aS'Warnings are printed on cigarette packages reminding people of possible dangers resulting from smoking.'
p69
aS'Cigarettes are available in several brands, including Marlboro, Salem, and Virginia Slims.'
p70
aS'There is a brand called Kool, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know whether they are still available at most outlets.'
p71
aS'Tobacco farming is a large industry, and currently there is debate about it.'
p72
aS'Recently the government decided on some regulations that cost tobacco companies a large amount of money.'
p73
aS'If you notice, some farm lands have animals living on them.'
p74
aS'Most of these are cows, and there are also pigs, sheep, and goats living on farms.'
p75
aS'Some are raised for the milk they provide.'
p76
aS'This milk goes through several processes to ensure that it is not contaminated before it is made available to consumers at stores (which I mentioned earlier).'
p77
aS'Another use for farm animals is meat.'
p78
aS'Three popular types of meat are beef, pork, and chicken.'
p79
aS'Beef comes from cows.'
p80
aS'Pork comes from pigs.'
p81
aS'Chicken comes from chickens, but you probably knew that.'
p82
aS'These animals are raised to become plump and healthy, then they are killed, sometimes at slaughter houses.'
p83
aS'The meat is then removed from their bodies, cleaned, and made available at a variety of stores and restaurants.'
p84
aS'Sometimes this process can seem gross, but it is part of an advanced ecological food chain on earth.'
p85
aS'Just like birds eat worms and tigers eat deer, human beings eat cows and pigs.'
p86
aS'The main difference is that we don\xe2\x80\x99t eat animals raw.'
p87
aS'We cook the meat to remove blood, fat, and germs from it.'
p88
aS'We also season our meat with salt or different kinds of sauces.'
p89
aS'The end result is food that is very tasty and is healthy for us.'
p90
a.